Homepage | Prosper Global
Skip to main content
Who we are
What we do
Resources
Blog
Search
Mercy Corps
Search
Our name is changing
In September 2026, Mercy Corps will begin rebranding and become Prosper Global.
Learn more
Close
Homepage
Ceasefire is a first step in Gaza
Help us deliver lifesaving assistance to families in urgent need
Donate now
Welcome to Mercy Corps Jordan
We seek to build a future in which all people feel secure in their communities, benefit from fair and accountable institutions and are on a sustainable path toward economic self-reliance.
Learn more
our vision
Enhancing resilient and inclusive communities through the development of stronger market systems, more efficient water and energy management practices, and greater voice.
43
k
individuals have benefited from our economic opportunities' interventions over the past year
+
100
k
individuals have been reached by our peace and conflict interventions in the past year
4
k
individuals have reaped the benefits of our agricultural interventions over the past year
62
k
individuals have benefited from our climate resilience interventions over the past year
News and features
September 15, 2026
Equipping Jordan’s small businesses for resilience and growth
The Informal Livelihoods Advancement Activity (Iqlaa) program identified that foundational skills acquirement and capacity building are not secondary needs, but essential entry points for MSEs’ resilience, economic growth, and sustainability.
READ MORE
August 19, 2026
In the classroom, partnerships add up to more resilient futures
Tabeaa “Climate Champions” initiative helps students turn climate awareness into action through interactive learning and strong cross-sector partnerships.
READ MORE
July 30, 2026
Providing Aqaba’s small businesses with solutions to reach new customers
The Iqlaa program collaborated with Smart Cart to improve its service and merchant applications, strengthen marketing and onboarding, introduce merchant point-of-sale (POS) devices, and provide training and follow-up support.
READ MORE
July 10, 2026
Building trust in digital tools for micro enterprises
For the Informal Livelihoods Advancement Activity (Iqlaa) one of the main objectives is to help MSEs adopt better ways of doing business, especially in underserved areas.
READ MORE
June 29, 2026
How formalization helped Bashar turn an idea into a business
How formalization and the Informal Livelihoods Advancement Activity (Iqlaa) program, funded by the United States Government, provided Bashar with the support he needed to transform his idea into a business.
READ MORE
May 20, 2026
Empowering small businesses through financial guidance and capacity building
Success stories of the transition from home-based production into a professional, industrial-scale setup with better machinery, stronger capacity, and the support of skilled tailors.
READ MORE
See more articles
Stay connected to our work.
Join our newsletter
ABOUT US
Financials
Ethics and policies
Press
CONTACT US
Careers
Tenders
86% of our expenses funded program services over the last 5 years.
Learn more
Privacy Policy
Manage cookies
Explore our websites
Copyright © 2026 Mercy Corps